21. What is inheritance?
Ans. It is a way to reuse code across multiple classes. It's a way to create a relationship between classes where one class inherits properties and methods from another.
22. Which inheritance is not supported by Dart? Why? B3. What is
advantage of inheritance?
Ans.Dart does not support multiple and hybrid inheritance concept.
    Advantages  of inheritance:->Inheritance reduces code duplication by allowing derived classes to reuse the properties and methods defined in the base class.
23. Difference between inheritance and encapsulation. B5. Difference
between inheritance and abstraction.
Ans. Difference between inheritance and encapsulation.
    -> Inheritance facilitates code reuse and supports hierarchical relationships between classes.
    -> Encapsulation allows us to hide implementation details and provide controlled access to the data and behavior of an object.
Ans.Difference between inheritance and abstraction.
    ->Inheritance facilitates code reusability and promotes a hierarchical structure.
    ->Abstraction simplifies complex systems and enforces a high-level design.
24. Difference between inheritance and polymorphism.
Ans.->Inheritance is a mechanism where a new class is derived from an existing class, inheriting its properties and methods. 
    ->Polymorphism allows objects of different classes to be treated as objects of a common super class, primarily through the use of interfaces and abstract classes.
25. Can we override static method in Dart?
Ans.We can't override static method in Dart.
26. Can we overload static method in Dart?
Ans. We can overload static method. They can have different parameters while having the same name in the same class or subclass.
27. Can a class implement more than one interface? B10. Can a class extend more than one class in Dart?
Ans. Yes,A class can implement more than one interface.So,the implements keyword is followed by a comma-separated list of the interfaces implemented by the class.
B10. Can a class extend more than one class in Dart?
Ans. Dart doesn't support multiple inheritance,a class cannot extend more than one class.
28. Can an interface extend more than one interface in Dart?
Ans.A class can implement multiple interfaces, and it must implement all the methods and properties defined in each interface.
29.What will happen if a class implements two interfaces and they both have a method with same name and signature?
Ans.
30. Can we pass an object of a subclass to a method expecting an object of the super class?B14. Are static members inherited to sub classes? 
Ans.Yes, you can pass an object of a subclass to a method expecting an object of the superclass.
    static members are not inherited by subclasses in Dart.
31. What happens if the parent and the child class have a field with same identifier? B16. Are constructors and initializers also inherited to sub classes?
Ans. if the parent and child class have a field with same identifier,constructors and identifiers are not inherited by subclass in Dart.
32. How do you restrict a member of a class from inheriting by its sub classes? 
Ans.Using the final keyword in the class's declaration.
33. How do you implement multiple inheritance in Dart?
Ans.Dart is not support multiple inheritance .By,mixin concept we can achieve similar effect in Dart .
34. Can a class extend by itself in Dart?
Ans.A class can not extend itself in dart.
35. How do you override a private method in Dart?
Ans.We can not override private method in dart because the scoped of private  method is limited to the class.
36. When to overload a method in Dart and when to override it?
Ans.in overload method,methods must have the same name and different signatures.But,in override method,methods must have the same name and same signature. 
37. What the order is of extends and implements keyword on Dart class declaration?
Ans.The extends keyword is comes before implemente keyword in dart.
38. How do you prevent overriding a Dart method without using the final modifier?  
Ans.we can not prevent overriding without using the final modifier in dart.
39. What are the rules of method overriding in Dart?
Ans. The rules of method overriding is the return type, list of arguments and its sequence must be the same as the parent class method.
40. Difference between method overriding and overloading in Dart?
Ans.Method overriding provides a new implementation for an inherited method, 
     while method overloading allows multiple methods with the same name but different parameters in one class.
41. What happens when a class implements two interfaces and both declare field (variable) with same name?
Ans. The class must resolve the field name conflict by providing a field or using a mixin.
42. Can a subclass instance method override a superclass static method? 
Ans.No, a subclass instance method cannot override a superclass static method.
43. Can a subclass static method hide superclass instance method?
Ans.No, a subclass static method cannot hide a superclass instance method.
44. Can a superclass access subclass member?
Ans.No, a subclass static method cannot hide a superclass instance method.
45. Difference between object oriented and object based language?
Ans. object-oriented programming focuses on the relationships between classes that are combined into one large binary executable.
Object-based languages need not support inheritance or subtyping, but those that do are also termed object-oriented. 






